Add explanations on how to handle tests with dependencies (#672)
bioconda/bioconda-utils: docs/source/contributor/guidelines.rst

recipes can give some clues into building a version of the dependency for
bioconda.

.. _test dependencies:

Test Dependencies
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Bioconda's stringent ``mulled-build`` test that runs during a package build
> will run the tests listed in the `tests` section of the recipe's `meta.yaml`
> file in an environment which does not have the dependecies listed in the
> `tests.requires` section installed. Because of this, all the tests in that section
> must only rely on runtime dependencies or the build will fail.
> Tests that rely on the testtime dependencies listed in `test.requires` should be put in
> the `run_test.sh` file in the same directory as the `meta.yaml` file. This file is
> picked up and run by the standard build that occurs before the ``mulled-build``, but is
> not installed with the package and so is not picked up and run by the ``mulled-build``.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bioconda's stringent ``mulled-build`` test that runs during a package build
will run the tests listed in the ``test`` section of the recipe's ``meta.yaml``
file in an environment which does not have the dependencies listed in the
``test: requires:`` section installed. Because of this, all tests in that section
must only rely on runtime dependencies or the build will fail.
Tests that rely on the test-time dependencies listed in ``test: requires:`` should be put in
the ``run_test.sh`` file in the same directory as the ``meta.yaml`` file. This file is
picked up and run by the standard build that occurs before the ``mulled-build``, but is
not passed on to and run by the ``mulled-build``.
```

Author: Thanks for finding this! I had changed the single backticks to double backticks on my computer alongside a few other changes but failed to get that last commit into the PR, and didn't notice till I saw your fix here. I've added that last commit on top of your fix below.
